Add new UI instructions in places previously missed (#4897)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-csoar/2024-01-03-application-update.md

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-csoar/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

### Changes and Enhancements

> * Playbooks: UserChoice nodes can be handled now from Slack workspace (see [documentation](/docs/cloud-soar/cloud-soar-delivery-2/#configure-slack-for-cloud-soar)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Playbooks: UserChoice nodes can be handled now from Slack workspace (see [documentation](/docs/cloud-soar/automation#configure-slack-for-cloud-soar)).
```
